# e6040_hw2_sav2125

Programming
For this part, you will experiment with diﬀerent Multilayer Perceptron conﬁgurations, and empirically study various relationships among number of layers and number of parameters. You should start by going through the Deep Learning Tutorials Project. In particular, the source code provided in the Homework 2 repository is excerpted from logistic sgd.py and mlp.py.
You are asked to partially reproduce the phenomena shown in Figure 6.9 and Figure 6.10 of the textbook. The original work for these two ﬁgures implemented an advanced framework of deep network [2], which is beyond the material covered in the course till now. Instead of reimplementing the original work, you should simply use the multilayer perceptron described in the tutorial.
You will be using the street view house numbers (SVHN) dataset [1]. The dataset is similar in ﬂavor to MNIST, but contains substantially more labeled data, and comes from a signiﬁcantly harder, real world problem (recognizing digits and numbers in natural scene images). You will use the Format 2 of the SVHN dataset. Each sample in this format is a MNIST-like 32-by-32 RGB image centered around a single character. Many of the images do contain some distractors on the sides, which of course makes the problem interesting.
The task is to implement an MLP to classify the images of the SVHN dataset. The input to the MLP is a color image, and the output is a digit between 0 and 9.
A python routine called load data is provided to you for downloading and prepro-cessing the dataset. You should use it, unless you have absolute reason not to. The ﬁrst time you call load data, it will take some time to download the dataset (about 180 MB). Please be careful NOT TO commit the dataset ﬁles into the repository.
Note that all the results, ﬁgures, and parameters should be placed inside the IPython notebook ﬁle hw2b.ipynb.
